Blogging.
So let's see the other option that we have as quick as possible.
We have to turn off the full can that's mean we want to disable the fold put it in his virtual machine.
So what will happen to it will going to related to secondary virtual machine.
And if I host Number one it will be deleted.
So it will keep only with one virtual machine.
So if we dream of we'll be delays this one didn't have to spend for instance.
But I mean we can't respond to faltering nodes in this machine.
If something wrong happened to the money what this vision machine would be about it.
If indeed we enable do faltered and then it start working again without deleting do the secondary Vittoria
machine then of course the red filters when you see spam you can't chals reason.
Then we have mid-grade Siegman duty virtual machine that's made the secondary virtual machine that's
configurator to exist in the location.
E6 one if I want out of service the secondary will be not available until i want back to life.
Then the photo of this virtual machine we did this is X I want available then it check if there are
the second machine available.
Of course you can chose the photo and then migrate the quandary that you want to change.
I want to because I want.
Of course you can't change the stars because the stars.
It's not at the level of height of ability.
When we chose the second revision machine exists in a different plan than the virtual machine.
It's not in relation about photo ops.
It just a recommendation that's tried two of which are the same secondary and primitive virtual machine
in the same shit.
But if something wrong happened to the storage number one and the storage number to do this the full
tracks were not willing to help you out delivery of the storage.
So it's work only at the level of two brain or is.
I order resource only so we can't charge the resource on this machine machine salt the secondary virtual
machine exists in is what I want so we can't chill's is excite or of course there are compatible issues
that need your attention.
Show the design the virtual machine in the same filterless bear cannot be on the same house because
the primary won't exist in Iowa.
I want.
So we can't distinguish diplomatic indices.
Yes I do.
Because we if something happened to do it I don't we're going to last to virtual machine imagery and
testimony.
So we need to chose to work on.
Of course we can leave it at the first one where it's on the problem about her debate because of the
VM Ware.
It's not a problem.
Then you can chose the tour the one next and Skidder motion or do that motion right now.
Also you can migrate to the one we chose for example like that.
We want to make sure it does but you must of course do same with the full the motion is not available
at the storage migration or Wimbush an evolving storage is not available for virtual machine that is
for the.
So next of course you can chose one of course we can't integrate this want to do is buy one we can chose
number two or number three without any problem.
Of course the secondary one does not send the bees because the herd the bees getting from to we want.
That's why we get our odor right here when we check it Ixion and proceed to signal to the.
So next then we chose the network is the same the signal program does not allow you to chose a network
because the network manager to buy pre-money want to sue when they don't want it just for our problem
happened to do it.
That's a hostile primary virtual machine.
So Skidder the motion with the highest priority next and finish and the emotion will start.
But like the virtual machine still available and the connectivity is still available like that you see
do a relocation of the virtual machine from Isak's.
I know what to do is excite number three and the Fourth there are still work without any problem.
That is it virtual machines don't work without any problem.
Only a little time to relocate or migrate to Windows XP.
Number Four money from the horse E-6 I to do is fix by 3 in the same block.
So this is a different information that we have.
Of course we have another option right there Magary to Segan duty.
That's mean.
Opportunities option is not available.
Droguet a migration because no we are connected to the secondary want into the primary one complete
immigration.
So we have the option migrate.
Secondly we can't power or power off or anything because the visual machine in immigration say is if
we take this one is X I want still have a secondary one.
I talk to one and the migration to integrate to primary one for all E-6 I do.
Six by three.
So let's just give it a little time and take the other option.
So this is the option we have in the full term.
Also if you have any information about the full list please share it with us in the discussion to let
us know about its next section with another future.
Off to the end with.